Add lookup suggestion to Kusto best practices. (#1820)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/query/best-practices.md

|  | Use `in` instead of left semi `join` for filtering by a single column. |  |
| Join across clusters | Across clusters, run the query on the "right" side of the join, where most of the data is located. |  |
| Join when left side is small and right side is large | Use [hint.strategy=broadcast](./broadcastjoin.md) |  | Small refers to up to 100,000 records. |

> | Join when right side is small and left side is large | Consider using [lookup operator](./lookupoperator.md) instead of `join` operator |  | Small refers to serveral tens of MBs. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Join when right side is small and left side is large | Use the [lookup operator](./lookupoperator.md) instead of `join` |  | If the right side of the lookup is larger than several tens of MBs, the query will fail. |
```
